docs: clarify unsupported LangGraph JS build flags (#4036)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/monorepo-support.mdx

The JavaScript build process:
1. Uses the directory you called `langgraph build` from (the monorepo root in this case) as the build context.
2. Automatically detects your package manager (yarn, npm, pnpm, bun).
3. Runs the appropriate install flow based on your project configuration.

> 4. Uses the `langgraph.json` file to locate the application being built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Uses the directory containing langgraph.json to locate the app being built.
```
